1.What does a ~ represent in a file path?
	~ Refers to the current user's home directory. ~ will have the absolute path to your home directory substituted into the position where the ~ is before the command runs.

2.What is an absolute path and how can you determine if a path is an absolute path.
	 An absolute path provides the exact location of a file or directory from the root of the file system.If a file path starts with / then that means by definition that this path is an absolute path. 

3.Where does a relative path start from on the file system?
	relative path starts from the current working directory (PWD) in the file system.

4.Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of your ~/Downloads directory using a relative path while working in your ~/Documents/cis190 directory.
	ls ~/../Downloads

5.Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of a sub-directory called “test” inside of your current location using a relative path.
	ls ./test

6.Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of a directory named Desktop inside of the your home directory using an absolute path.
	ls ~/Desktop

7.Why do Unix/Linux utilities have a singular purpose?
	Because they solve one particular problem and solves that one problem very well.

8.What is the best command to run to verify that this file is in the proper location and has the contents you intended?
	less

9.
	A.How do you get your previous command to appear on the command line without retyping it? 
		Up or down arrow keys.
	B Using a relative path what would the command be to show the contents of a directory one level higher than your current location? 
		ls ../
	C.Using an absolute path (not using the tilde shortcut) give the command to open a file in your home directory called SampleFile.txt with the vi editor.
		vi SampleFile.txt
	D.What is the command to display the manual page for the less paging utility? 
		man ls
	E.What is the command to search forward through the manual page for the string “input”
		/input
	I:What is the command to find the next match for your search?
		n



